Sister Zhao. A batch of goods arrived at the store,
But I feel there will be a problem. Sister Zhao,
You're not sure how well made this thing is.
Stop looking at me. This batch of goods.
There must not be any problems related to our main treasure company.
The two gestures are exactly the same.
But this one is innocent and unknown. No matter how I see it, something is wrong.
After many senior teachers in the company met,
Everybody thinks it's true. to be honest,
I don't see any difference either. This unknown is too perfect.
On the contrary, this really gives me some ideas.
But if you must say it, this is really a lie.
It's really fake
If it hadn't been for my hard work today, I wouldn't have gone to check
He just wasn't sure when he would find out.
Don't let us do business in Anmenzhuo?
Sun Dian, something happened to Bose